Add 1 day default for history retention configuration (#2135)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/manage/projects.md

### Configure history retention

By default, Neon retains a history of changes for all branches in your project, enabling features like:

- [Point-in-time restore](/docs/introduction/point-in-time-restore) for recovering lost data
- [Time Travel](/docs/guides/time-travel-assist) queries for investingating data issues

> The default retention window is **1 day** across all plans to help manage storage costs. If you extend this retention window, you'll expand the range of data recovery and query options, but note that this will also increase your [storage](/docs/introduction/usage-metrics#storage) usage, especially with multiple active branches.

Author: ```suggestion
The default retention window is **1 day** across all plans to help avoid unexpected storage costs. If you extend this retention window, you'll expand the range of data recovery and query options, but note that this will also increase your [storage](/docs/introduction/usage-metrics#storage) usage, especially with multiple active branches.
```
